okay so today we're gonna be doing a
quick unboxing of the Microsoft reclusa
keyboard now you can see here based on
the cameraman zooming in on nothing but
this that it is powered by Razer and it
has raised their hyper response gaming
key action with customizable gaming
controls and profile management so what
Microsoft is saying about this keyboard
is that it contains an enhanced English
140 layout and it is engineered for
gaming which basically means yeah that's
the powered by Razer part because Razer
makes gaming peripherals and Microsoft
makes office peripherals as far as I can
tell mind you Microsoft has some newer
stuff that's pretty cool for like gaming
products too so here we go hyper if
Blonsky action reduces key latency
maximizing response you got profile
management so you can create and store
key mapping and macros for each game
profile blue backlit keys for the light
conditions great and then two gold
plated USB ports too huh okay great
alright and then over here we have
customizable gaming controls with two
360 degree jog dials one on each side
for quick access during heated gameplay
then you have four bumper keys two on
either side of the keyboard with an easy
reach of the standard gaming keys now I
have to question how these are within
reach of any sort of standard gaming key
because as far as I know most standard
gamers are using these so these are in
reach oh my battery's low this is gonna
fail ok so we have six hot keys one
touch of a customize hotkey execute
multiple keystrokes beating play so
basically these are macro keys and I'm
not gonna open the box you get because I
can see that the battery is low and I'm
gonna have to just like do a transition
here or something and we're back so now
we're gonna actually open the box there
we go
this is the unboxing part of the
unboxing now that we've already had the
product overview part of the unboxing so
there goes the box and here comes the
second box yeah okay so the first thing
we find inside is CDs which we get out
by doing this there we go
so we have a Microsoft gaming keyboard
with software Rekluse I don't even know
what this is oh it's a manual so you
should plug it into the USB port install
the software
figure the keyboard and awesome
okay next we have the contents the
getting stowed the getting started guide
so you can reduce the risk of injury
something about compliance with EU
something okay reclusive gaming keyboard
driver disk do not use this download the
latest drivers from WWE users on calm
I guess Microsoft would probably have
the drivers hosted somewhere like on
their site to it I'm not sure to be
perfectly honest that's the thing about
these hybrid products where it's like
one company's branding but powered by
some other company who did probably most
of the design work it's like well like
who supports it at that point I guess
Microsoft oh this is nice it's all like
it's all leathery and like rubbery
leathery you can see I can actually like
press it down that's kind of comfy I'm
gonna have to try that out before the
video is over it's well it's kind of a
nice wrist wrap okay well that was fun
okay now let's get to the recluse a
keyboard itself so this take special
note of the no choke do not let your
baby take this bag put it over its head
and then throw so throw away the baby or
that oh no they're telling you throw
away the bag so that the baby doesn't
get it okay awesome so we can peel off
this so that's very shiny okay you can
see we have the usual shine shot so you
can see how shiny the top of the
keyboard is it's a very weird shape this
keyboard actually maybe it'll look a
little bit better once we put the wrist
rest on but it's like a very like it
seems very oval compared to a normal
keyboard which would seem more Square
and another thing that I notice about it
it's not it's really heavy compared to
most new keyboards which is kind of it's
kind of nice because it has that quality
feel oh here's a feature that I didn't
know it had check this out you have
cable routing like cable management
ports all along the bottom of the
keyboard so you can route a bunch of
different cables anywhere you want them
to go you looks like you can even take
out these little routing brackets here
but that prevents the keyboard from
being propped up on the cable
you flip it over that's kind of nice
okay so we've attached the rest rest and
oh this is stupid okay so this wrist
wrist you see how it's symmetrical it
would be perfect if my hand sat here
when I was typing can anyone tell me
what's wrong with this picture no good
okay well I mean this is okay but you
can see clearly here that my left wrist
comes off of the off of the wrist rest
which is too bad because it's very
comfortable so here are all the basic
features we have the what appears to be
a volume dial here no that's not a
volume dial I don't know what it is but
is plus/minus there you can spin the
dial okay then we have some pot keys
here then we have those other keys here
and then we have WASD this is all blue
backlit when you plug it in it's a
fairly standard layout and the keys
there's a fair bit of travel on there a
little bit stiff but I'd say overall
they're quite comfortable to type on not
too loud too which is nice if you're a
late-night gamer and there are other
people in your house who don't like to
hear your late-night gaming so we've got
a few more keys over here these look
like media eject I've got a few to
program stuff here things here these are
your back and forward buttons which are
apparently supposedly easily accessible
while you're gaming now I'm sure there
was something else I was gonna say about
this maybe the cameraman can prompt me
or maybe there's nothing maybe that was
all I had to say about it thank you for
checking out my unboxing and product
overview of the Microsoft recluse a
keyboard powered by Razer
I finally remember the thing I wanted to
do I had mentioned before this keyboard
is so heavy but I pulled out my
benchmark my benchmark golden standard
for heaviest keyboard ever this like
fossilised model m and i'm still giving
the nod to the model and both in terms
of keyswitch quality of course because
it's the bestower oh don't get too close
to that this is this isn't mine I just
received this as I hand-me-down from
someone I'm gonna run it through the
dishwasher first I don't even know if I
want to admit to owning this keyboard
but the point is that it is still
heavier than the reclusa